i want to apologize i've asked cause we
had so much fun stuff planned for you
tonight we worked
on it all day we had a bachelor in
paradise kids going back to school
we're going to talk about there's a
horrible new pair of uggs we're going to
discuss
i even thought hey maybe we won't talk
about donald trump much tonight
and then he opened his mouth and all
manner of stupid came out
and i'm not joking when i say i would
feel more comfortable if cersei
lannister was running this country at
this point
this press conference today i don't know
if you saw this i know a lot of you were
here on vacation
it started uh supposed to be a press
conference about infrastructure and it
ended with our president
making an angry and passionate defense
of white supremacists
it was like if your book club meeting
turned into a cockfight it really was
remarkable
i don't know who decided it would be a
good idea to send him out there to talk
to reporters today
but whoever did obviously misread his
state of mind and the mood in this
country right now
the president i feel like i can say this
with reasonable uh certainty
the president is completely unhinged the
wheels are off the wagon and
hurtling towards the moon right now i
have some clips to show you and before i
do i want to say
clips are one thing you know they're
edited down we choose them for
content but if you get a chance go
online and watch the whole press
conference from beginning to end it's
astonishing the only thing i can compare
to is
remember when mike tyson bit evander
holyfield's ear off
and then he bit his other ear off
this was the presidential equivalent of
that trump wasn't even scheduled to take
questions today he was supposed to give
a brief update
on an executive order he signed to boost
infrastructure
structure but reporters wanted to ask
about his weak response to what happened
in charlottesville
and things went infrastructure nuts from
there
honestly if the press were not fake and
if it was honest
the press would have said what i said
was very nice but unlike you and unlike
excuse me unlike you and unlike the
media before i make a statement i like
to know the facts
that's right be very careful about that
like the fact that ted cruz's father
killed jfk
and obama was born in kenya he's a
stickler for the facts okay so
when they got to his statement about
putting the blame for the murder and the
hate crimes in charlottesville on many
sides not just the nazis and klan
members a statement he tried to soften
yesterday
by specifically denouncing those groups
not only did he go back to his original
statement he doubled down and actually
defended their actions
when you say the alt-right uh define
alt-right to me you define it go ahead
and say yes
come on let's go senator mccain defined
them as the same group okay what about
the old left that came
charging excuse me what about the alt
left
that came charging at the as you say the
alt-right
do they have any semblance of guilt
let me ask you this what about the fact
that came charging that they came
charging with clubs in their hands
swinging clubs do they have any
problem i think they do i think we do i
think it's
i think we might need an alt president
right now
i watched very closely much more closely
than you people watched it
and you have uh you you had a group on
one side that was bad and you had a
group on the other side that was also
very violent
and nobody wants to say that but i'll
say it right now
don't say it right now don't ever so he
put
blame on both sides but he also had kind
words for both sides
but you also had people that were
very fine people on both sides
very fine people on both sides let's
look at some of the very fine people on
the uh on the trump side there
uh this is from the rally on friday
yeah so here's the thing if you're with
a group of people and they're chanting
things like jews will not replace us
and you don't immediately leave that
group you are not a very fine person
and by the way
today david duke who is a very fine
former grand wizard of the kkk tweeted
thank you president trump for your
honesty and courage to tell the truth
about charlottesville
when david duke thanks you for your
honesty and courage something has gone
awry and
then after all this after 15 straight
minutes of unprecedented insanity and
you really should watch the whole thing
our president
as he left the podium um said this
thank you all very much thank you thank
you
do you plan to go to charlottesville mr
president
and welcome to the lead and will you go
to
church wow i know i own a house that was
something else oh he's still talking
let's stay listening it's in
charlottesville you'll see
where is winery it's a it is the winery
i mean i know a lot about
charlottesville charlottesville is a
great place that's been
very badly hurt over the last couple of
days
i own actually one of the largest
wineries in the united states it's in
charlottesville
he can't resist the plug he just can't
my wine is fantastic especially the
white there were some
very fine bottles this is
this is so crazy you know everybody's
been asking you think trump's going to
last four years
i'm wondering now if any of us are going
to last four years this is
i haven't screamed at my tv this much
since mcdreamy died really it's the last
time but
the only person who's happy right now is
sean spicer he's doing backflips
wherever the hell he is
i've been thinking about this and i
really i want to speak to those of you
who voted for donald trump and first of
all i want to say
i get it i actually do you were unhappy
with the way things were going
you wanted someone to come in and shake
things up you didn't want business as
usual
nothing ever seems to get done it's
always the same these candidates make a
lot of promises
that go nowhere it happens over and over
again and you're sick of it and so this
guy shows up
writing down a golden escalator he's not
part of the political establishment in
fact he's the opposite of that he's a
billionaire
maybe he's written books he's not
politically correct
he's not even correct usually but he
talks tough
he wants to drain the swamp sometimes he
can be funny he rips into his opponents
in a way politicians
never do have never done before and he
thought you know what this guy's
different and that's
what i want different let's roll the
dice let's get him in there
have him run the country like a business
cut the dead weight toughen everyone up
let's shake this etch-a-sketch hard and
start over
so you vote for you pick him over jeb
bush and ted cruz
and john kasich and a dozen other
republicans whose names we forgot and
ultimately
he beats them he strolls and he beats
all of these guys these guys have been
in
politics forever and then he beats the
ultimate political insider hillary
clinton a woman
has been running for office a woman who
ran for president
of her mother's uterus in the womb
forever
he beat her everyone said he couldn't
everyone said he wouldn't but he did and
it's exciting because this was your guy
you picked a horse at
like 35 to one and somehow it paid off
so now he's the president
and it starts off okay he meets with
president obama and they seem to have a
nice conversation then he moves into the
white house
right off the bat he's angry at the
media for reporting that the crowd at
his inauguration was smaller than he
thought it was which was weird
but not important really and he claimed
it stopped raining when
he was speaking at his inaugural address
which everyone could see it was raining
but okay it was
his first week you give him a break so
he gets in there hires his daughter he
hires his son-in-law
demands an investigation of a voter
fraud even though he won the election
he calls the prime minister of australia
and hangs up on him
he won't shake angela merkel's hand he
doesn't know frederick douglass isn't
alive
he claims he can't release his tax
returns because they're under audit then
says he's not going to release them at
all
he signs a ban on muslims that he claims
isn't a ban on muslims
he compliments the president of the
philippines for murdering drug addicts
hours after a terror attack in london he
starts a fight with their mayor
after criticizing obama for playing golf
he plays golf every weekend
he accidentally shares classified
intelligence with the russians he tweets
a typo
at midnight then wakes up and claims it
was a secret message
he praises jim comey in october calls
him a coward in june
he fires him he lashes out at his own
attorney general for recusing himself
from an investigation
he hires the mooch he fires the mooch he
bans the transgendered in the military
without telling anyone in the military
he's doing it he plays chicken with kim
jong-un
and that's just some of the list it if i
went through all of it would be longer
than the menu at the cheesecake factory
it would be
huge so
by every reasonable account and i'm
using his own words here
he is a total disaster he screws up
royally
every day sometimes two or three times a
day
we can't keep up with it things come out
of nowhere every day there's something
nuts
but you've been trying to ignore it
because you don't want to admit to these
smug annoying liberals
that they were right that's the last
thing you want to do but the truth is
deep down inside you know
you made a mistake you know you picked
the wrong guy
and it isn't getting better it's getting
worse so you can do one of two things
you can dig in like uh like chris
christie at a hometown buffet
or you could treat this situation like
you would if you'd put star wars
wallpaper up in the kitchen
all right i got caught up i was excited
i made a mistake
and now it needs to go well now he does
need to go so
it's time for especially you who voted
for him
to tell him to go please think about it
it makes it he doesn't even want to be
president he's miserable
but he won't resign because his ego is
too big he can't do it so either we
impeach him which could happen but it
might not
or we do what he would do in this
situation we negotiate
we make a deal and i know this is going
to sound nuts but i have an idea
so hear me out on this i think this
could solve all our problems we're all
going to have to be on board with this
instead of president we make donald
trump
king okay
we make him the first king of america
think about it england has a queen she
lives in a palace everyone makes a big
deal when she shows up
she has no power at all in the morning
they put a crown on her head she stands
there and waves she goes back to bed
that's it
if the queen would walk out on her
balcony and open her shirt nothing over
there would change the queen could be
completely bonkers it would make no
difference at all
she'd still be queen it would still be
fine that's what we need to do with
donald trump we need to set him up
in a castle maybe in florida lead him to
the top
and then lock the door to that castle
forever
everyone can call him your highness
maybe we give him a scepter that he can
hold
he can sit there watching fox and
friends maybe chip golf balls out of the
window
of his tower there's no way he turns
that deal down if we tell him he's going
to be the king
we got to get creative here because
enough is a desperate times call for
desperate measures
and i'm asking you the people who
supported donald trump to step in
and help for the good of this country
mike pence is ready
he's boring he's relatively sane he
looks like a neighbor you might borrow a
lawnmower from
let's get him in there before it's too
late let's make america
great britain
there has again been a greater division
just about
than what we have right now the hatred
the animosity
i will bring people together i'm going
to bring people together
you watch we're going to bring people
together well we
are watching hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you
like that click the subscribe button
below
and good things will happen forever